what's up guys who be here ends welcome
back to another minecraft video today
I'll be showing you the midget modern as
you can see I'm only one blocked all in
my garden jumbo hit my head on the glass
ceiling which is all very exciting the
furnace is taller than me it's it's just
all happening so fast it's going up
already but uh as you can see this house
is way too big for me I've decided to
move into a something smaller and that
is my PB okay that wasn't much better
than just saying bong but this doesn't
get me high this makes me medium hahaha
get it's okay oh shit oh oh oh look out
what are we looking at uh but yes as you
can see i have a one-block high base
which is always really really fun
looking at sexy torch right there and
I'll show you how life is like if you
want to sleep as a midget you have to go
like this and oh look I am sleeping on
the grass under my bed cuz you know
sleeping on that that's that's too
mainstream I'm classy motherfuckers oh I
will sleep under that bed oh look at me
but yes i'll get in the-- to the main
aspect of this model is which is that
this makes mining extremely easy because
you're pretty much a midget and the go
ahead and look at lavo how arousing but
yes so if you've ever played my graph
you would know that's to make a mining
shaft you would usually have to allow an
extra block for your head and take three
blocks for every block you go down so
you can go down like this but now you
can only you can reduce that amount to
two blocks and you can only take this
one this one go down this one this one
go down and oh look we discovered a k
that's always very nice oh look I know
where we can I can mind it up and poop
on it but you're so very nice base here
you know you can stay here for eternity
until you holy shit that's such as
that's fire holy poop you can say for
eternity or until you get the urge to go
violate some under men then you'll have
to go out but you know this works for
strip mining as well in the past you
would have to take two blocks to allow
your head and to keep moving on but now
you can
only dig one block and then go on get
with your business and find diamond
gravel all that cool stuff okay at a
ravine you know fine ravines too if you
were a measured today okay so it's very
nice advertisement and I will become
super measured so it damn it super
measured oh look at that look at my eyes
look in my eyes these are midget eyes
and uh okay so it sets its calm
ourselves let's calm ourselves but yes
so this is much the whole modest really
revolutionizes minecraft because it
makes things so much taller than you are
it just kind of feels weird but feels
kind of cool at the same time furnace is
taller than you the workbench is still
taller than you but these chest is so
you know shoulder because you know chest
chest is even more of a midget I am then
I am so hot chest you you are shorter
than I am another sad part is that you
know you can go to torches and press
shift and pretend that's a fire is
burning your butt now because you're too
short for that they'll just burn your
hair well I kind of looks like I'm a
flaming unicorn but you know it's always
kind of depressing things change people
change in animate objects change so and
that's that's how life works I guess
really sad but yes so that's that's
really the whole mod right there like
always new link to this awesomely mood
modest moving the description a really
appreciates if you wouldn't mind taking
half a second to leave a rating but that
is all ugly and all enjoyed this video
thanks so much for watching and have fun
learning how midgets live life yay and
the question that we've all been
wondering how small is it so wow there's
nothing there's nothing there there's oh
oh god oh god oh god